config: add realm option (#578)
signalfx/splunk-otel-js-web: docs/Configuration.md

|Option|Type|Default value|Description|
|---|---|---|---|

> |`realm`|`string`|Provided by installation wizard|The name of your organization’s realm, for example, `us0` or `us1`. This automatically sets the `beaconUrl` value to the correct rum ingest endpoint of your Splunk Observability Cloud realm|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`realm`|`string`| Provided by the guided setup | Your Splunk Observability Cloud realm, for example, `us0` or `us1`. This automatically sets the `beaconUrl` value to the correct rum ingest endpoint of your Splunk Observability Cloud realm. |
```
